the M25 by estam comes with one of the
most unusual takes on intellectual
property that I've ever seen this device
has pre-installed more than 30 copyright
games that's right friends this is one
of those pirated game consoles if users
need to install other game programs they
should pay attention to the copyright of
the content if there are disputes or
other liabilities caused by copyright it
has nothing to do with our company
brother you guys ripped off a
PlayStation portal and put a lot more
than 30 pirated games on it the website
claims
30,000 pirated games and there's a lot
more to be fascinated by back here it
runs Linux has a 3D rocker and offers
excellent 4K image quality on its 480 in
X 272 in display now I'm not American so
inches are not really my measurement of
choice but I think you might mean 480
pixels x 272 pixels on a 4 in display
how big is
this 4.3 in however in spite of all that
I'm actually kind of stoked on this
thing which means it's a good thing it
has an anti-skid design otherwise no
wonder where it would be safe for my
excitement I think they mean the grippy
tops on the on the joysticks W it boots
up pretty
fast it turns off immediately this is
just is this switch just power just cut
the power got what appears to be an air
intake over here and then I don't know
there's another one but that seems to be
blocked no obvious exhaust mini HDMI out
though so you can hook it up to your TV
headphone jack micro SD slot and USBC
charging oh uh okay I had heard that the
triggers had an issue getting caught on
the housing I didn't expect it to happen
the very first time I touched them well
they seem to be okay now got our
shoulder buttons over here pretty mushy
face buttons I would say and a usable
d-pad but I mean realistically what are
your expectations for something like
this plus minus here appears to be for
volume control and then we've got start
and select both of them are labeled home
I guess they couldn't be bothered to do
another mold that doesn't have home on
it the joystick seem again functional
enough oops did I launch something how
did that happen I'm sure that was on me
the U interface is just it's a Linux
drro that's sort of heed towards
emulation that that was probably not on
them uh what also isn't on them is this
message from our sponsor dbrand who is
promoting dark PL really they're
promoting dark plates do those guys ever
miss an opportunity to kind of like
twist the knife on Sony if you want your
PlayStation 5 to look a little less like
a PlayStation 5 and more like a
PlayStation 5 with dark plates on it
they've got a bunch of different styles
and they even offer Innovations like
cooling
holes sorry I mean speed holes but they
don't make it go faster faster they make
it run
cooler let's play a game I've played
before so I know how it should compare
to the original experience played a ton
of this as a kid there's a bit of a
weird moare on the screen uh that's not
visible in person it actually looks
pretty darn good uh the sound is not
very good this game actually has a
banger soundtrack oh yeah here we
go bring it on uh Ed or Bonsai I think
dang it okay got him
you know what though for all my
complaints about the d-pad and the um
the ABX y being kind of mid um and like
the travel is longer than I'd like to
see on the d-pads and stuff like I'm not
quick on it it's definitely good enough
with that said I'm not trying to play a
fighting game or anything like that the
question now is how it's going to handle
more demanding systems it's got a pretty
basic quad core cortex a55 processor
from Rockchip with a pretty mid Mai G
CPU so I got to say it's a pretty
complete seeming package man I am I am
sucking right now get out of
here oh man flashbacks anyway no issues
running SNES games that crappy frame
rate is true to the original game and
actually this kind of low Fidelity audio
sounds pretty okay on the speakers and I
quite like the screen as well it seems
accurate enough that it wouldn't bother
me of course Super Nintendo not the most
demanding thing why don't we step things
up a generation and move to the
N64 which trigger oh man those triggers
are
terrible okay now to evaluate the
joysticks dude these dead zones I don't
even know how to deal with this like I
might as well be using the d-pad at this
point oh this is really difficult to
deal
with with that said the emulation
smoothness other than those couple of
hiccups that I saw
earlier dude I have no fine control I
don't know if I can I don't know if I
can do this I'm just I'm going to get
one green shell and that's going to be
all I need or a
star ah got him let's
go the joysticks are terrible however
the emulation performance so far has
been pretty decent that's not a lot of
PlayStation games that kind of makes
sense though this is the 128 gig version
I don't have uh oh oh you just pull
it
CHF memory card I have no idea who you
are but I guess you probably make good
memory cards how am I playing a game
right
now no no it's not it's not in the ram o
high
jump oh yeah oh yeah no
no
no this way harder than it looks fudge
never get out of
here
no did I just do like amazing the first
time and it's like impossible to clear
it again oh no I got it I got it I got
it you know that game does make me
wonder though if the timing was so
difficult because of input legs so I'm
going to play a game I'm really familiar
with and see how it feels on
this uh where's my Super Mario World at
let's go
wait there's no Super Mario World on
here hold on are there no Mario
games oh no touchcreen a bit of a downer
that didn't even occur to me there's no
Mario games wait there was Mario Kart
hold on a sec what it had Mario Kart 64
on it and he recommended this game yeah
I don't think I can really blame the
input lag on this for my woses
everything that's on here should run
pretty okay and yeah this experience is
something that could easily be recreated
by installing EMC on basically anything
and loading some ROMs onto it but the
package here is not the worst value it
is it 90 bucks and it's amazing how much
value you can deliver to your customers
when you infringe other people's IP and
except no disputes or other liabilities
caused by copyright it has nothing to do
with our company so I can't promote
buying this thing but what I can say is
if I was trying to keep my kids busy in
the backseat on a long road trip there's
certainly worse ways to do it in
conclusion these pirate consoles raise
all kinds of legal and ethical concerns
but I'm not going to tell you what you
should or shouldn't buy what I will tell
you is if you spend your about $90 I
think on the 128 gig version of this one
there are a few usability issues the
thumb sticks suck the emulation
performance is okay and the triggers do
get stuck as we saw in some reviews
online so you might be able to kind of
shave the plastic down a little bit and
alleviate that but I don't think there's
anything you're going to be able to do
about the joysticks so make of that what
you will And subscribe to Short Circuit